# This list gives the packages we build in the order in which they are build
acts|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/Half|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
online_distribution/newbasic|purschke@bnl.gov
online_distribution/pmonitor|purschke@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/framework/phool|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/framework/phoolraw|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/database/pdbcal/base|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/database/pdbcal/pg|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# fun4all_coresoftware/offline/database/dbtools|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/database/PHParameter|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/vararray|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/framework/frog|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/framework/ffaobjects|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/framework/fun4all|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/framework/fun4allraw|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/JEWEL|kunnawalkamraghav@gmail.com
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/hijing|dave@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/sHijing|dave@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/flowAfterburner|dave@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/HelixHough|afrawley@fsu.edu
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/PHGeometry|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/PHField|jhuang@bnl.gov
#
# simulations
# simulations/generator
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/phhepmc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/decayFinder|cdean@bnl.gov
# fermi motion uses phhepmc
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/FermiMotionAfterburner|sl4859@columbia.edu
#PHPythia8 needs phhepmc
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/PHPythia8|dvp@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/PHPythia6|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
#PHSartre needs phhepmc
fun4all_coresoftware/generators/PHSartre|lajoie@iastate.edu
# we want generator values in the event header
coresoftware/offline/framework/ffamodules|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# simulations/Geant4
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/EICPhysicsList|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4decayer|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4gdml|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4main|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4detectors|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# calobase and trackbase need g4celldefs include for root6
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/CaloBase|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/trackbase|afrawley@fsu.edu
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/trackbase_historic|afrawley@fsu.edu
# tracking needs g4 detectors for geometry classes
# mvtx needs trackbase, tracking also needs trackbase_historic for now
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/mvtx|ycmorales@rcf.rhic.bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/intt|afrawley@fsu.edu
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/tpc|afrawley@fsu.edu
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/micromegas|hugo.pereira-da-costa@cea.fr
# g4tpc, g4mvtx and g4intt need tpc, mvtx and intt
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4tpc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4mvtx|afrawley@fsu.edu
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4intt|afrawley@fsu.edu
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4micromegas|hugo.pereira-da-costa@cea.fr
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4epd|biran@mit.edu
# cemc needs g4detectors
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4bbc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4cemc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4calo|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/trigger|dvp@bnl.gov
# genfit stuff
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/PHGenFitPkg/GenFitExp|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/PHGenFitPkg/PHGenFit|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4vertex|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4jets|dvp@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/jetbackground|dvp@bnl.gov
# centrality needs trackbase_historic
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/centrality|dvp@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4centrality|dvp@bnl.gov
# simulations/Geant4/ evals
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4eval|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4trackfastsim|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4histos|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# KFFParticle needs libeval
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/KFParticle_sPHENIX|cdean@bnl.gov
# Offline tracking software
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/trackreco|osbornjd@ornl.gov
# PHTpcTracker needs libtrack_reco
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/PHTpcTracker|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/tpccalib|hugo.pereira-da-costa@cea.fr
# Offline calorimeter software
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/CaloReco|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/ClusterIso|dvp@bnl.gov
# calorimeters and tracking combined
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/particleflow|dvp@bnl.gov
# QA modules that use both simulation and offline libs
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/QA/modules|jhuang@bnl.gov
# the dumping needs all objects and comes last
fun4all_coresoftware/offline/packages/NodeDump|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# this is the convenience library which loads all libraries needed for reading
# DSTs, please leave it at the end of the package list
fun4all_coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4dst|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/reconstruction/eicpidbase|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/reconstruction/eiczdcbase|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4eicdst|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4beastmagnet|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4drcalo|Friederike.Bock@cern.ch
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4eiccalos|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4jleic|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4lblvtx|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4mrich|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4rich|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4eicdirc|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4zdc|osbornjd@ornl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4ttl|Friederike.Bock@cern.ch
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4bwd|jhuang@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/analysis/eicevaluator|Friederike.Bock@cern.ch
fun4all_eicdetectors/reconstruction/eiccaloreco|tlp220@lehigh.edu
fun4all_eicdetectors/reconstruction/eiczdcreco|jhuang@bnl.gov
eictoydetector/source|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4allgdmlimport/source|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_eic_qa/source|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4drich|cdean@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4trd|cdean@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4b0|cdean@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4barrelmmg|cdean@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4etof|cdean@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4rp|cdean@bnl.gov
fun4all_eicdetectors/simulation/g4simulation/g4b0ecal|cdean@bnl.gov
